911: 9-1-1 Emergency.
NURSE: Medical, please.
911: OK, for what address?
NURSE: 10101 Northeast 120th Street.
911: Is it Life Care Center?
NURSE: Correct.
911: OK, is the aid for somebody else?
NURSE: It's for a patient.
911: OK, male or female?
NURSE: Male.
911: How old?
NURSE: 60.
911: Are they awake?
NURSE: Yes.
911: OK and what's going on today?
NURSE: He's just had this episode so far,
decreased level of consciousness, he's a COPD patient, chronic oxygen use, c-sats keep dropping to the mid 60s, currently he's at 74 on six liters because that's what he was set.
911: And you said he's dropping to where?
NURSE: Mid-60's, the last time I checked,
yes, so currently he's at 74 on six liters of oxygen, and I can't go anywhere higher than that.
911: OK, and what's your last name?
NURSE: [Redacted]
911: Are you a nurse there?
NURSE: Yes.
911: OK, sounds good, I will go ahead, I've
already notified just somebody meet the aid crew at the door, OK?
NURSE: OK.
911: Is there a certain that they're in?
NURSE: She's in room [redacted]
911: OK, perfect, I will go ahead and update
that there.
NURSE: Thank you.
911: Yep no problem, have a good day bye.